you
hey it's erica the professional power
tool guide com today we're going to go
over the skill lithium i am 18 volt this
is the four piece combo set what we're
going to do with this video is we're
just going to kind of give you a brief
overview so you can actually see what
tools come in there in the kit after
that we'll do a video on each individual
specific tool so you can see it in
action and see the review this system is
designed for the homeowner and again if
you look at the cost to a four piece set
it's very very inexpensive compared to
some of the other models out there so it
is it's a great set for a homeowner on
there in this kit you get your cordless
drill which has basically forward
reverse your clutch settings your speed
settings you have a level up top two
places for your bits all comes it also
comes with a handle title you have your
reciprocating saw which we're going to
go into more detail on this so you can
see it in action does come with two
blades you have your circular saw which
is five and three eighths does come with
a blade and again just like all the
other circular saws out there we can do
you know bevel cuts and more on there
and this one will show you in action
comes with a light tool bag and two
batteries to 18 volt batteries and a
charger and one thing we did notice if
you look at the batteries obviously
they're lithium they're very light these
ones are low profile very nice when I
set on a tool
so you can see it's low profile show you
the light system so much powers left in
the battery and again even the charge is
extremely small low profile doesn't take
up too much room great for a workbench
so right now let's go ahead go to each
individual tool so you can see them in
action one more about